newsflash today's winning numbers are 2
for 18 9 and 27 all that I wanted eyes
funky news flash
number 3 waiter check please where is it
the other way around in England a judge
has ruled that a Turkish restaurant
manager split his lottery winnings with
a waiter who predicted the wind white a
fatty as can had a dream about showing a
whole lot of cash to his manager the
next day he urged his superior for hours
to buy lotto tickets in the EuroMillions
lottery and what do you know one of
those tickets hit the 1.7 million dollar
jackpot whoever asked hands boss refused
to split the dough since he was the
running paid for the ticket and
supposedly picked the winning numbers
so while scan was like nah I'm telling
judge and his bus was like our dough
because the judge ruled in our scans
favor saying that a scan will have pests
in his bars to buy tickets if there were
no personal benefit to him plus
surveillance footage shows the pair
picking out the numbers together let
that be a lesson to you manager man
maybe if you paid your employees enough
there to buy their own tickets you know
I decided three months that I was asleep
and guess what it was true
number two arachnophobia meat pyromania
a Seattle man has burned down his house
to eradicate an unwelcome arachnid
taking Harbor in his home he tried to
fight spider with fire after discovering
a renegade spider in his laundry room
the man enlisted his MacGyver ingenuity
and fashioned a makeshift flamethrower
out of a lighter and a can of spray
paint a prudent measure however other
flammables such as a wall also caught
fire and spread the blaze throughout the
house causing some costly collateral
damage to the tune of $60,000 but really
when it comes to spiders it's just the
cost of doing business I mean you should
see what Cyclops does when he sees a
spider number 1 at the end of the world
you will find a great big hole only pit
a video posted to YouTube shows aerial
shots of a gargantuan hole theorized to
be around 80 meters wide situated in the
peninsula young owl that juts into
Arctic waters whose name translates as
the end of the world the reason for the
whole sudden appearance is unknown some
experts are ruling out media strikes or
alien interventions and are suggesting
it may be due to global warming which
would add to a long list of things being
blamed on global warming including
higher taxes feeling guilty and Justin
Bieber it just inks
stories so if you want using those
numbers at the start don't stooge me you
only half you know on the comments below
subscribe for more news of until next
time this is Sam Tucker saying stay
fucking everyone cept I'm sorry subdued
funk it down look at Cyclops there's a
spider over there alright bit messy but
there are don't stooge me on this